java c
YEAR 2022-23 

   MODULE CODE: 
   GEOG0093 
   MODULE NAME: 
   Conservation and Environmental Management 
   COURSE PAPER TITLE: 
   Individual Grant Proposal - NERC 
   WORD COUNT: 
   1998 
Investigating the interaction between Irrawaddy dolphin (Orcella brevirostris) and Fisheries in the Eastern Gulf Coast of Thailand
Project Summary The   Irrawaddy   dolphin   (Orcella brevirostris)   is   a   coastal   and freshwater   mammalian   species found   sparsely   distributed   throughout   the   tropical   and   subtropical   Indo-Pacific   (Jackson-Ricketts,   2016).   Their      “Endangered”   classification   on   the   International   Union   for   Conservation   of   Nature’s   (IUCN)   Red   list   (Minton   et   al.,   2017)   is   largely   from   anthropogenic   threats,   particularly   those   relating   to   fisheries   (Nelms   et   al.,   2021).      In   Thai   waters,   over   exploitation   of fish   stocks   is   an   ongoing   issue   causing   reductions   in fishery   production      biomass   (Wongrak   et   al.,   2021),   all   of which can   impact   fish-eating   mammals   such   as   the O.brevirostris.   To   date   little   research   has   been   done   to   quantify   resource overlap between O.brevirostris prey and fisheries. Across a one-year period, this study will   evaluate    prey    resource    and   spatial   overlap    between O.brevirostris sub    populations    in    the    Trat   Province   of   Thailand,   and   fisheries.   The   results   of   which   could   support   ecosystem-based   fishery   management in   the   future,   with   the intention of improving O.brevirostris populations as   well as   fishery   catch yields.
Case for support 
Part 1 – Literature Review O.brevirostris are   a   cetacean   species   sparsely   distributed   across   coastal waters   of the   subtropical   and tropical   Indo-Pacific (Jackson-Ricketts, 2016; Tubbs et al., 2020). As with other   cetaceans they   are considered   important top down controllers of their   marine   environment   primarily   by   the   function   of   predator-prey   relationships   (Jackson-Ricketts,   2016;   Ricci   et   al.,   2021).   Moreover,   they   have   a   role in the modification of benthic habitats as well as   nutrient   recycling   and   are   considered   essential   players      in      a      marine      ecosystem’s      health      and      integrity      (Bowen,      1997;      Nelms      et      al.,      2021). O.brevirostris marine   populations   are   preferentially   distributed   within   shallower   coastal   waters   in close   proximity to shores    river   mouths   (Minton et   al.,   2011;   Minton   et   al.,   2017).   This   association   is thought to   be driven   by freshwater input and prey   distributions   (Minton   et   al.,   2017). Currently listed as “Endangered” on the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species, the close association   of the O.brevirostris to the coast has left them vulnerable to a host of anthropogenic issues including   but not limited to; bycatch, shipping vessel   collisions,   and   prey   overfishing   (Jackson-Ricketts,   2016;   Parsons et al., 2015).   For example,   Minton et al.   (2011)   in the   Kuching   region of   Malaysia   saw   50%   of O.brevirostris sightings within less than   50 metres of   fishing vessels,   increasing their risk   of direct   interactions    (Minton    et    al.,    2011).      Between    January            February      2013,      the      death      of    fourteen O.brevirostris as   a   result   of   fishing   gear   entanglement   near   Trat   province   in   the   Gulf   of   Thailand   (Hines   et   al.,   2015)   further   highlights   this   issue.   Overlap   between   cetaceans   and   fisheries   is   not   globally   problematic;   but rather   restricted to certain   regions and species   (Kaschner      Pauly,   2005).   The   Eastern   Gulf   coast   of   Thailand   is   a   problematic   area   for   sub-populations   of O.brevirostris,   however to date   little   research   has been done on the relative   overlap   (Nelms   et   al.,   2021).According   to   the    United    Nations    (UN)    Food   and   Agriculture   Organisation,   Thailand’s    Exclusive   Economic zone   (EEZ) comprises 41% of the   marine catch   within   the   Gulf   of   Thailand   (FAO,   2013).   Thailand’s   fishing   industry   is   commercially   significant   offering   2.4million   tonnes   to   global   fishery   production   and    keeping    almost    250,000    people    employed    annually    (Kulanujaree    et    al.,    2020).   Commercially    significant       species      include    the       Indo-Pacific      mackerel      (Rastrelliger    spp.)    which   encompasses   around 41%   of catches;   as well   as   anchovies   (Encrasicholina spp. and Stolephorus spp.), round scads (Decapterus spp.) and ponyfishes (Leiognathus spp.)   (FAO, 2013;   Klangnurak      True, 2022). Over exploitation of   fish stock   within Thai   waters is an ongoing issue. Due   to overfishing,   across a   10 year period Thailand saw a 39%   reduction   in   fishery   production   (Wongrak   et   al.,   2021).   Although   this change was   partially stemmed   by reductions   in   illegal fishing   since   2015;   evidence   of   over exploitation   is still   present, such as with   the   decreasing   trends   in   Indo-Pacific   mackerel   length   from       18cm       to          15cm       (FAO,       2013).       Previous         stomach         content         analysis         of O.brevirostris subpopulations   in the   Eastern Gulf   Coast of Thailand suggested their diet   mainly   piscivorous with   a   preference of ponyfishes, mackerel, and scad (Jackson-Ricketts, 2016). Although this   is   suggestive of   resource   overlap, few studies   have   quantified the   relationship within this   region   and   thus   further   research is warranted. 
Part 2 - Description of the Proposed Research 
Rationale Despite O.brevirostris being   legally   protected   (Partnership,   2010);   their   population   is   still   on   the   decline having moved from “Vulnerable” to “Endangered” on the IUCN   Red   List   (Minton et   al.,   2017)   suggesting   current   conservation   approaches   are   insufficient   at   stemming   it.   The   death   of   only   4.2   individuals a year across a   period of   60   years   (3   generations)   would   result   in   a   further   50%   decline   in population size (Moore, 2015). With sub populations generally ranging from   10 – 100 in size; mass   mortality   events   as   a   result   of   fishery   interactions   such   as   the   aforementioned   death   of   fourteen O.brevirostris in   the    Trat    Province    of   Thailand    (Hines    et    al.,    2015)   far    exceed   this    protectory.   Furthermore, decrease   in the   biomass of fish stocks due   to   overfishing   not   only   affects   commercial   fisheries       but      sub-optimal       prey       could      affect O.brevirostris growth      and       reproduction      further   exacerbating   their   decline    (Minton    et   al.,   2011).   Therefore,      it    is    essential    a    proactive    data    led   conservation stance   is taken to avoid this species extinction.Data scarcity   has thus   far   limited ecosystem-based fishery   management approaches   (Cheng et   al.,   2022).   In   other   marine   ecosystems;   increases   in   marine   mammal   populations   when   not   monitored   alongside   the   continuing   growth   in   commercial   fisheries   has   led   to   further   damage   of   fish   stocks   (Jusufovski   et   al.,   2019).   In   order   for   effective   conservation   to   take   place;   it   is   essential   to   have   a   better understanding of the overlap between fisheries and the O.brevirostris. With   projects currently   underway    by   the    UN    Environment    Programme    that    look   to    integrate   conservation    in   to   fishery   management through the   creation   of “Regional   System   of   Fishers   Refugia   in   the   South   China   Sea   and the Gulf of Thailand” (Siriraksophon, 2022), now is the time to ensure sufficient data is available   to guide these   projects.
Research objectives and outcomes 1.       To   analyse the O.brevirostris prey   consumption   rate   and   prey   composition within   the Trat
Pro代 写GEOG0093 Conservation and Environmental Management YEAR 2022-23R
代做程序编程语言vince, Thailand,   by stomach content analysis of stranded animals2.       To   establish   resource   overlap   by   comparison   of the O.brevirostris prey   consumption   rate
to fisheries catch   rate3.       To   compare   the   spatial   overlap   between O.brevirostris habitat   (through   use   of   electronic
tags) to local fishing grounds,   by tracking fishing vessels   in the area
Methodology and approach The   Gulf   of   Thailand   is   a   continental   shelf   bordering   Thailand,   Cambodia,   Malaysia      Vietnam   (between   latitudes   5。00’   and   13。30’   N   and   longitudes   99。00’   and   106。00’   E)   (Jackson-Ricketts,   2016).   This   research   will   focus   on   previously   sighted   (Ponnampalam   et   al.,   2013) O.brevirostris populations   in the Trat   Province, an area within Thailand’s   EEZ (see figure   1).

Figure 1: Map highlighting the Trat Province (in yellow) within the Gulf of Thailand. Adapted from 
Hines et al. (2015). To   understand the composition of the O.brevirostris prey, the stomach   content   of stranded   animals   will   be collected and analysed.   Stranded dolphins   will   be   located   through   use   of the   Phuket   Marine   Biological   Centres    (PMBC)   stranding    network.   Any    deceased   dolphins   will    have   their   stomach   removed   and   frozen   for    laboratory   analysis.   Once   thawed   stomach   contents   will    be    sieved   to   separate   hard   and   soft   tissues.   Fish   bone      otoliths   will   be   dried;   whilst   cephalopod   beaks will   be   stored   in   ethanol.   Identification   will   be   done   using   published   guides   (Giménez   et   al.,   2017).      The   relative    importance    of    each    prey    type    to    the      Irrawaddy      will      be      quantified      using      equations      in   established   in   Giménez   et   al.   (2017)   based   on   proportion   of   prey   and   prey   type   against   the   total   number of prey   found within the stomach. Prey weight will be reconstructed by standard regressions.   Overall annual consumption rate   will be calculated using methods established by Santoset al. (2014)   where O.brevirostris population   size   will   be   estimated   based   on   an   averages   of the   area   found   in   Hines et   al.   (2015).To   established   the   geographical   range   of   the O.brevirostris bio-tagging   will   be   administered   by   modified   methods from Wells   et   al.   (2021).   In   brief,   personnel   and   boat   resources from   PMBC will   assist   in   the   tagging   process.   Capture   sites   will   be   within   shallow   depths   (less   that   3m).   Once   spotted, O.brevirostris would be captured by encirclement using seine   nets   before   being transferred   to   boats.   Staff will   be   nominated   to   monitor   in   case   of   any   entanglements;   and   to   ensure   they   are   kept   wet   with   sponges   once   on   the   boats.   A   veterinarian   will   be   present   to   continuously   monitor   captured animals. SPLASH10 tags will be attached to   dorsal fins   by a   single   pin   to   transmit   location   data      via      satellite.      As    fishing       is      carried      out       both      during      the      day      and      night      in      this      region   (Noranarttragoon, 2014)   it   is   essential   a full   day   is   covered so tags will   be   programmed   to   transmit   Global Positioning System (GPS) data every 15 minutes (Hayset al., 2021). Data would be collected   using    the    Argos    Data      Collection      and      Location      System.       For    sample    size      to      be      a      significant   representative   of   the   population   in   this   region    10   individuals   will   be   tagged   in   each   deployment   biannually.By    Thai      law    commercial      fishing      vessels       must       register    with      Department    of       Fisheries      (DOF)   (Kulanujaree et al., 2020). To establish the geographical range and movements of   fishing vessels   in   the    Trat    region    geographical    data    will      be    collected      from      the      Marine      Fisheries      Research      and   Development   Division   within   the   DOF   (Tepparos   et   al.,   2022).      For   Vessels   ≥30   GT   that   must   be   fitted with a vessel monitoring system (VMS), this   will take the form. of hourly timecoded coordinates   transmitted to the   DOF   (Tepparos et al., 2022). Vessels   between   10 to   <30 GT it will be in the form. of log books; and for artisanal and commercial fishing vessels less that 10 GT data it will be from DOF during field surveys (Tepparosetal., 2022). Catch composition would be estimated via monthly on-board observations across the aforementioned fishing vessel categories; as well as via observations of landing sites (represented by fish weight in kg) (Noegroho et al., 2020). In order to establish relationships in annual catch rate with the O.brevirostris,   Catch   per   unit effort   (CPUE)   will   be calculated   using equations as per   Noegroho et   al.   (2020).To   analyse   resource   overlap, fisheries   annual   catch   rate will   be   compared to O.brevirostris annual   consumption   rate   via   a   t-test.   Irrawaddy   prey   composition   and fisheries   catch   composition   of each   species will be compared via   ANOVA. Post Hoc   tests will be run to show   where significance overlaps   lie   between   fish   species.   To   analysis   spatial   overlap, O.brevirostris and   Fisheries   positioning   data   will   be   mapped   using ArcMap10.0 with the   R-ArcGIS Bridge for statistical analysis   using   R.
Risks and mitigation strategies If no dolphins are stranded during the research   period,   data from   previously   analysed O.brevirostris stomachs   will   be   used   as   logged   within   the   PMBCs   stranding   network.   However;   data   from   the   research   period will   be   preferential as it   is based on current   predator-prey   relationships.SPLASH10   tags   have   been   known   to   fail.   The   largest   cause   of   transmission   loss   is   from   battery   failure   (seen   with   87%   of   cases)   with   a   steep   reduction   in   transmission   rates   following   200   days   (Hays   et   al.,   2021).   As O.brevirostris have   shown   seasonal   variance   in   movements   (Tubbs   et   al.,
2020);   tags   will   be   deployed   biannually   to   ensure   data   is   collected   across   all   season   over   a   year   helping abate this   risk.
Programme of research •          January 2023   -   April 2023:   Application   for permits   from   the Foreign Researcher Management
Section of the   National   Research Council of Thailand•         April 2023 - April 2024: Data collected from both dolphins and fisheries. SPLASH10 tags will
be fitted   in April 2023 and October 2023
•          May 2024 -   December 2024:   Data analysed and paper   prepared
Management of the project and resources This project will be supported by Department of Marine and Coastal Resources with specific   support   from   the   PMBC.   Research Assistant from the   communities   in the   Trat   province   will   be   essential   to   ensuring the success of the   project. They   will   be   trained   to   take   catch   measurements   and   assist   in   tagging procedures.
Impact Summary This   paper,   published   in   Marine   Mammal   Science, will serve to give   a   better   understanding   of   how O.brevirostris and   fisheries   interact.   If   a   significant   overlap   is   found   both   in   territory   and   prey-type   this    paper   will    aid    ecosystem-based   fisheries    management.    This   will    not    only    benefit    fisheries   through   improving   catch   yields   and   curbing   decline   in   fish   biomass;   it   will   also   lead   conservation   strategies that will   prevent further decline   of O.brevirostris populations.   A   greater   understanding   of   the spatial distribution of O.brevirostris in this territory could be   used   in conservation   of other   marine   sub-populations   in   similar   habitats.   Furthermore,   improvements   could   indirectly   lead   to   economic   growth via dolphin-watching tourism.


         
加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp  Email: 99515681@qq.com
